cml: improve command documentation (#2321)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/cml/self-hosted-runners.md

| `--cloud <vendor>`                | N/A                                                        | Cloud provider to deploy the runner. Accepts `aws` or `azure`. If not set, the runner will be deployed locally and `--cloud-` options will be ignored |
| `--cloud-region <region>`         | `us-west`                                                  | Region where the instance is deployed. Accepts `us-east`, `us-west`, `eu-west`, `eu-north` or native regions                                          |
| `--cloud-type <type>`             | N/A                                                        | Instance type. Accepts `m`, `l`, `xl` or native types like `t2.micro`                                                                                 |
| `--cloud-gpu <type>`              | `nogpu`                                                    | GPU type. Accepts `nogpu`, `k80` or `tesla`.                                                                                                          |

> | `--cloud-hdd-size <size>`         | N/A                                                        | Storage size in GB                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
| `--cloud-hdd-size <gigs>`         | N/A                                                        | Storage size in GB                                                                                                                                    |
```

Author: @jorgeorpinel, what about `gigabytes` without abbreviations?

`<kidding>`
Mostly to avoid triggering my obsessive-compulsive disorder of expanding abbreviations whenever possible and in every context. In my humble opinion, and as far as I know, they only look good to me when the original words are preserved.
`</kidding>`

Reviewer: > what about gigabytes?

Sure
```suggestion
| `--cloud-hdd-size <gigabytes>`    | N/A                                                        | Storage size in GB                                                                                                                                    |
```

| `--cloud-ssh-private <key>`       | Automatically generated throwaway key                      | Custom private RSA SSH key                                                                                                                            |
| `--cloud-spot`                    | N/A                                                        | Request a spot instance. If not set, `--cloud-spot-price` won't have any effect                                                                       |

> | `--cloud-spot-price <price>`      | Current spot bidding price                                 | Maximum spot instance bidding price in USD                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
| `--cloud-spot-price <usd>`        | Current spot bidding price                                 | Maximum spot instance bidding price in USD                                                                                                            |
```

> | `--cloud-startup-script <script>` | N/A                                                        | Run the provided Base64-encoded Linux shell script during the instance initialization                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--cloud-startup-script <text>`   | N/A                                                        | Run the provided Base64-encoded Linux shell script during the instance initialization                                                                 |
```

Reviewer: or `<base64>`. Think of users who will only see this part in the `--help` output and need a hint as to what kind of values the option arg accepts.

Author: ```suggestion
| `--cloud-startup-script <base64>` | N/A                                                        | Run the provided Base64-encoded Linux shell script during the instance initialization                                                                 |
```

I'd go for `base64` as it seems go be higher in the usefulness/byte scale. 😄

The function `cml-runner` accepts the following arguments:

> | Argument                 | Type                                                                  | Default                                                    | Description                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: So are these "arguments"? Or flags/options? We call them Options in DVC cmd refs e.g. https://dvc.org/doc/command-reference/add — not saying that's correct though, I'm actually wondering what's the best terminology for this...

For now maybe call this section **Options** and this column **Name** (i.e. option name), avoiding the "argument" term.

Reviewer: > maybe call this section Options and this column Name

Then again it could keep **Arguments** for the title and **Option** for the column, kind of like in https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/terminal/command-line-arguments?tabs=windows#options-and-commands. Up to you

Reviewer: I guess I'd avoid "argument" for title or column since some options/flags accept arguments of their own.

Author: As per [POSIX.1-2017](https://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/basedefs/V1_chap12.html#tag_12_01), commands take **options** that may require **option arguments** and anonymous **operands**.  Definitely, it makes sense to rename both the column and the heading.

Reviewer: OK! Can you please update the title to "Options" then? (I can't from GH.) Here are the col renames I rec:

```suggestion
| Name                     | Type                                                                  | Default argument                                           | Description                                                                                                                  |
```

Author: Resolved with https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/2321/commits/ca804af226acd6100e23d25430d39b87277ef6f8

| ------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `--version`              | Flag                                                                  | Unset                                                      | Show version number and exit.                                                                                                |

Reviewer: I'd avoif "unset" since it's not clear what that means. Maybe just a `-` or "N/A" is more obvious:

```suggestion
| `--version`              | Flag                                                                  | -                                                      | Show version number and exit (ignoring all other options).                                                                                                |
```

And also, aren't all the args/options "flags"? Some flags just happen to accept an argument themselves. If so I would go back to `Boolean` here for now. I'll lyk if I can think of a better term... ⌛

Author: > _I'd avoid "unset" since it's not clear what that means. Maybe just a `-` or "N/A" is more obvious._

I would prefer to avoid the hyphen because of its `stdin` meaning on many command-line tools. Maybe we can use an [em dash](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dash#Em_dash) without backticks <kbd>—</kbd> or just leave them blank.

> _And also, aren't all the args/options "flags"? Some flags just happen to accept an argument themselves. If so I would go back to `Boolean` here for now. I'll lyk if I can think of a better term..._ ⌛

Yes, I was thinking of boolean flags (like bit flags), but the word _flag_ is also overloaded to mean _option_ even with arguments. Fortunately enough, we can get rid of the whole **Type** column.

Reviewer: > I would prefer to avoid the hyphen

Sure. I changed it to "N/A" (does not apply) in my suggestion above.

> Fortunately enough, we can get rid of the whole Type column.

Agreed. I removed that cell in my suggestion ☝️ too.

Author: Resolved with https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/2321/commits/ca804af226acd6100e23d25430d39b87277ef6f8

> | `--labels`               | List                                                                  | `cml`                                                      | Comma delimited list of runner labels.                                                                                       |

Reviewer: TBH this whole "Type" column isn't too convincing. All values passed are strings, technically right? May be best to remove it and specify what kind of values are expected as part of the description if needed.

In this case e.g.

```suggestion
| `--labels`               | `cml`                                                      | One or more user-defined labels (delimited with commas).                                                                                       |
```

p.s. Labels are user-defined right? Are spaces allowed between commas?

Author: Yes, they're strings at the shell level, but they get automatically cast to ECMAScript types following the usual logic (?) 🙃  Anyhow, it feels awkward and your proposed solution looks much better.

Author: Yes, labels are user-defined

Author: Resolved with https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/2321/commits/ca804af226acd6100e23d25430d39b87277ef6f8

| `--idle-timeout `        | Integer                                                               | `300`                                                      | Time in seconds for the runner to be waiting for jobs before shutting down. Setting it to `0` disables automatic shutdown.   |
| `--name`                 | String                                                                | `cml-{identifier}` where `{identifier}` is a random string | Name displayed in the repository once registered.                                                                            |
| `--single`               | Flag                                                                  | Unset                                                      | Exit after running a single job.                                                                                             |
| `--reuse`                | Flag                                                                  | Unset                                                      | Don't launch a new runner if an existing one has the same name or overlapping labels.                                        |

> | `--driver`               | Choice: `github` or `gitlab`                                          | Inferred from environment variables                        | Driver for the platform where the repository is hosted.                                                                      |

Reviewer: Another example on how to put type into Description when needed:

```suggestion
| `--driver`               | Inferred from environment variables                        | Platform where the repository is hosted. Accepts `github` or `gitlab`.                                                                      |
```

Author: Resolved with https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/2321/commits/ca804af226acd6100e23d25430d39b87277ef6f8

> | `--repo`                 | String                                                                | Inferred from environment variables                        | Git repository address (e.g. https://github.com/iterative/cml)                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--repo`                 | Inferred from environment variables                        | Git repository URL e.g. https://github.com/iterative/cml                                                               |
```

Author: Resolved with https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/2321/commits/ca804af226acd6100e23d25430d39b87277ef6f8

> | `--token`                | String                                                                | Inferred from environment variables                        | Personal access token with enough permissions to register a self-hosted runner on the repository.                            |

Reviewer: > Inferred from environment variables

Where are these env vars explained? Just curious 🙂

Author: I fear being unable to satisfy your curiosity. 😄 

We have them [sprinkled](https://github.com/iterative/cml/blob/5888e49d55662aafd20f62d9acf5ecc2c5478a43/bin/cml-runner.js#L16-L29) around [the code](https://github.com/iterative/cml/blob/81e8a363eb300306c888a77bdeb4d71179f09203/src/cml.js#L49-L55) in order to automatically detect the repository URL, the continuous integration platform and the default token it exposes to every workflow run. They aren't intended for user consumption, but a bit of documentation wouldn't hurt either.

Reviewer: Cool.

- [ ] Maybe something else to consider documenting in a single place in the future.
